# Dairy Biz

# This is a demo of a dairy business profile info, shpowing the entries of a farmer and the cash flow from the produce

    Usage

# This landing page mainly shows all entries of a dairy farmer's output.
# It shows all the output from every single shade of the farmer, and outputs the total amount of milk from all the shades

# It shows the farmer's total income every day, so long as the output per shade remains constant.
# A section below it shows the farmers weekly income, in Kenyan shillings.

# The final section shows the total income of the farmer every month, after a calculation of every week's output.

# This is just a demo project, therefore not fully functional.
# A lot of functionality has not yet been implimented, therefore most features here are limited.

# Again, this is a demo school project and its not fully functional.

    Installation

# To get started, head on to brookside's main website, navigate to the farmers' section, create an account and key in all the necessary information.

# After that, you'll be redirected to your profile for authentication, and finish setting up your account.

# This is just a draw up of how the future of this website will look like, no violation of rights has been noticed during the development of this site.
# All rights reserved


    Configuration
# No special configurations are needed to get started here, since no special features and implimentations have been put in place

    Copyright
# This template has been generated by SalvatoLuis and therefore no rights have been violated. 
# All protocals followed, 
# All rights reserved


    Acknowledgement
# A special vote to Moringa school, For giving out to us all the necessary skills to bring out this page
# The following are highly appreciated 
# All the technical mentors that have led to the success of this page are highly a big thumbs up. Big Vote!